[Serve][Doc] Split core-apis to key concepts and user guide (#24713)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/key-concepts.md

Python developer. And the second is by using the HTTP request, allowing access to deployments via a web client application.

:::{note}
  Let's look at a simple end-to-end example using both ways to expose and access deployments. Your output may
  vary due to random nature of how the prediction is computed; however, the example illustrates two things:
  1) how to expose and use deployments and 2) how to use replicas, to which requests are sent. Note that each pid
  is a separate replica associated with each deployment name, `rep-1` and `rep-2` respectively.

  ```{literalinclude} doc_code/create_deployment.py
  :end-before: __serve_example_end__
  :language: python
  :start-after: __serve_example_begin__
  ```
:::

## Deployment Graph

Building on top of the Deployment concept, Ray Serve provides a first-class API for composing models into a graph structure.

Here's a simple example combining a preprocess function and model.

```{literalinclude} doc_code/key-concepts-deployment-graph.py
```

## What's Next?
Now you have learned about the key concept. You can dive into our [User Guides](user-guide) for more details into:

> - [Create/Update/Delete Serve Deployments](managing-deployments)
> - [Configuring HTTP Ingress and Bring FastAPI App](http-guide)
> - [Composing Deployments with ServeHandle](handle-guide)
> - [Building Deployment Graph](deployment-graph)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Creating, updating, and deleting deployments](managing-deployments)
- [Configuring HTTP ingress and integrating with FastAPI](http-guide)
- [Composing deployments using ServeHandle](handle-guide)
- [Building Deployment Graphs](deployment-graph)
```
